Added AutoComplete ClearTextCommand, fixed links ( not to be redirected) (#1015)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/autocomplete/commands.md

# .NET MAUI AutoComplete Commands

> The .NET MAUI AutoComplete provides a `RemoveTokenCommand` that lets you manipulate its [tokens selection]({%slug autocomplete-tokens-support%}) and a `ClearTextCommand` that lets you clear the entered text/selected tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .NET MAUI AutoComplete provides a `RemoveTokenCommand` that lets you manipulate its [token selection]({%slug autocomplete-tokens-support%}) and a `ClearTextCommand` that lets you clear the entered text/selected tokens.
```

![Telerik .NET MAUI AutoComplete custom RemoveTokenCommand](images/autocomplete-removetoken.gif)

## Clear Text Command

`ClearTextCommand`(`ICommand`)&mdash;Sets the AutoComplete text to `null`.This command is called when the user taps the clear button and clears the entered text as well as any tokens.

The example below demonstrates a custom `ClearTextCommand` implementation&mdash;a confirmation dialog appears before the default command is executed.

**1.** Create a custom command class that inherits from `AutoCompleteClearTextCommand`. Override, for example, its `Execute` method:

```C#
public class CustomAutoCompleClearTextCommand : AutoCompleteClearTextCommand
{
    public override async void Execute(object parameter)
    {
        bool executeDefault = await App.Current.MainPage.DisplayAlert("Confirm", "Clear text?", "Yes", "No");
        if (executeDefault)
        {
            base.Execute(parameter);
        }
    }
}
```

> **2.** Apply the newly created command class to the AutoComplete's `ClearTextCommand`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**2.** Apply the newly created command class to the `ClearTextCommand` of the AutoComplete:
```
